[WIND ROARING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Jamie, welcome.
Or I should say welcome for
me to be here in Sedona.
>> Yes, welcome to Sedona.
>> In your backyard.
This amazing backdrop,
where we're just a stone's
throw away from Cathedral Rock.
>> Beautiful everywhere.
>> And lots of nature around us.
You live here.
>> I do.
I've been here for
about 10 years.
>> 10 years?
>> Yes.
And Sedona is gorgeous.
Sometimes it's intense.
Those vortices do
spin your stuff up.
>> Right, right.
>> So it's been a
fast-paced 10 years.
>> And you're a channeler?
>> Yes.
>> And do you have
any other titles?
>> I am a healer.
I do energy healing and
teach energy healing.
And I love teaching.
I teach a lot of
different things.
>> Energy healing, is
that the light language?
>> I teach light language.
I teach a modality that I
created called crystalline soul
healing.
And I teach a lot
about ascension
so that people are learning how
to shift their consciousness
to facilitate their awakening.
>> The awakening of the planet?
>> Yes.
>> Right.
How did you come
about doing this?
What got you into it?
>> You know, I just
became obsessed.
>> Obsessed?
>> I did.
I was not actually
a psychic child.
And I was probably around 17--
it was around 1987,
and I started having
my first psychic experiences.
And my senses opened slowly,
over a period of time.
And then once I started
working with energy--
and my non-physical guides are
the ones that first taught me
how to work with energy--
I just became obsessed.
It was fascinating to me.
That's all I wanted
to do, and it has
continued to be an obsession.
>> So you said this started in
1987, the harmonic convergence?
>> Right.
You know, I didn't know
anything about it at the time.
And I was driving my car.
And oftentimes, when you're in
some kind of a rote activity,
you start to kind of slip
into a bit of an alpha state.
And I had what I thought was my
own thought pop into my head,
but it was very specific.
And it was something that
was provable within about
30 minutes that I could have
never just randomly thought of.
>> Which was?
>> Well, that someone I knew
from the past was going to be
at the location.
And that would happen
every once in a while.
And it would be just like that--
something specific.
Oftentimes, it was this
person's going to be there,
and sometimes it was someone
I hadn't seen in years.
Sometimes I was going
to another state,
and I would get that message.
And I couldn't control it.
But it was something
that was provable,
so I knew I could trust it.
>> And the message was simply
somebody was going to be there
or something like that?
>> Right.
It would be something direct
like that that was provable.
And it would just
happen occasionally.
And then, over the years,
it became more frequent.
And then around the mid-'90s--
which now, when I
look back at it,
it was corresponding to the
comet that was passing through,
was that Hayley's Comet.
You could even see
it in Los Angeles,
where I was living at the time.
And it just stayed
there for a long time.
And right around that frame,
I noticed another big opening,
and I started seeing
people's auras.
I would have a lot
of interactions
with ghosts from time to time.
And I would see colors
connecting between people,
between different chakras.
And I didn't know
what chakras were.
Around the late '90s,
I started having
things happen like I
would start to daydream,
what seemed like daydreaming.
I would zone out, and then I'd
kind of come back to awareness.
And I'd realize there was
a conversation going on
in my head, and they
were odd things.
One time, I remember
thinking, why
am I thinking about the healing
properties of the color green?
I didn't know chakras.
I didn't know healing energy.
And yet, that
information was starting
to come into my awareness,
and that was my psychic senses
opening.
And I kind of appreciate that
there's all different ways
that people experience
psychic phenomenon.
And since I wasn't
psychic before,
it took me a lot
of my own awareness
to discover what are
my psychic senses.
I just thought, wow,
that was a weird thought.
And then I realized, oh, I
was getting communication
much later.
>> Were they audible voices,
or how did they come through?
>> It would happen
in different ways.
Most of the time, it
would feel like it was
my thought in the early days.
And now, it will be
everything from--
I'm still very
clairaudient, but I
can sense that it's someone else
talking to me, like sometimes
it's my guides.
Sometimes it might be a client's
guides when I'm working,
during a session.
And most times, I hear
it inside my head--
every once in a while, outside.
>> So maybe you could talk a
little bit about your guides
and then the differences
between like a client's guides.
And how do you tell
the difference?
How does that work?
>> Familiarity.
All of my psychic
senses are open,
but they're not all my strength.
So I don't see my
guides, for instance.
I do have clairvoyance,
and I will see things,
but I'm not usually
seeing my guides
or seen other people's guides.
For mine, it's more
the familiarity.
And I'm not someone that's
always trying to identify with
a name, so sometimes I get a
name, and sometimes I don't.
In fact, Areon, the Lyran
Council of Time that I channel,
I have worked with them for
a very long time as my guides
before I ever started
channeling them directly.
And then once I
started channeling
them directly, and they--
they first identified themselves
as Lyran Council of Time.
And then they developed
the name Areon,
which is a whole other story.
But once I started
channeling them directly,
I recognized their information.
So I knew they had been working
with me for a long time.
>> So it's more the
information was familiar,
as opposed to like a direct
voice or something like that?
>> Right, or the
energy is familiar.
>> When you say the energy
is familiar, I'm just--
you know, we're all going
through this convergence,
this ascension,
and we're starting
to become more in tune.
And I'm starting to
feel different energies,
but I haven't really been
able to differentiate
or been able to tell who and
what is what, like names.
I guess if you get a clear
name, then it's easy.
But how do you feel it?
>> So I think it's important
to learn how your senses work,
like what are the
reference points,
and what are some of
the stronger senses?
So, for me, because I
don't see my guides,
I rely on other senses.
Because we all have
intuitive senses,
and it's all very natural to us.
>> These are the clairs, like
clairsentient, clairaudient?
>> Yeah, clairsentience,
the feeling.
Clairvoyance, clairaudience, the
smell and taste, all of that.
And then the emotions are
also part of our senses,
like clairempathy.
And with guides, since my vision
isn't strong in seeing them,
I will either ask questions,
like if there's a name.
Or some people might see colors
or might see faces or things
like that.
They might have a
reference point.
Let's say someone was working
with Archangel Michael,
and they might see
that reference point.
So, in essence, this
is an important part
of our ascension.
Because to me, ascension is
a shift in consciousness.
And what that is, is more
of a conscious connection
with the subtle realms.
It's always been there.
We've always been
interacting with them.
But now we're more consciously
So as you learn to discern
that subtle information--
and that's all the
clair senses are,
is helping to give you more
clarity and more detail
into the information
that's not as obvious.
So you have reference points.
And when you learn how to
sense those references,
you're starting to open up
more of that communication.
>> So having a reference
point-- what would, say,
someone with a Archangel
Michael reference point,
what would you--
>> Well, it could be different
for different people.
And maybe a better example
that my guides use sometimes--
the "Animal-Speak"
book by Ted Andrews.
So sometimes I'll get a vision
of an animal in my head.
And if I go and read that book,
then something will stand out.
Or maybe it's one that
I already know about
because I've read it before.
And so they'll show me a
picture of that animal,
and that's a way of interpreting
a layer of information.
>> So it's really
individualistic, how they work,
and everybody has their
own reference points based
on their experiences
and that kind of thing?
>> Yes.
And so then you're
learning how to read
more deeply into the
information that's around you.
And that's what helps you become
clearer within and understand
things in a deeper way.
>> And when you work with the--
what was the other modality
you said, working with the--
>> Crystalline soul healing?
>> Yes.
Can you explain that a
little bit and how it works?
>> Yeah, so I didn't start
out to create a modality.
It just started
happening kind of,
because I might be a
little anal retentive.
>> You're really listening
to those reference points.
>> Exactly.
When I started doing
energy healing,
I wanted to know how can I
best help people in that frame
that I have them.
And so I started
making these lists
of just foundational things
that I wanted to cover.
And my guides were working
with me through that
and helping to compile
that information.
And what I ended up
discovering along the way
is that was actually
my Lyran guides
that we're working with me that
hadn't identified themselves
at that point.
But I was creating a template.
It's an alchemical template that
works through your high herself
to help you release and activate
in that moment around whatever
topic you're wanting to work on.
So it's a Lyran way of working,
to use those templates,
almost like running a
virus scan on a computer.
It's running in the background.
It's looking for certain things.
If it has it, then it changes.
It if it doesn't, it leaves it.
If it's appropriate
for your path,
your higher self will help
you release or activate.
So once that was
completing, I used
to go through the entire
thing, the whole way.
And I thought, well,
I guess I'm just
going to have to schedule
multiple sessions.
And one day, I got a
very clear message--
you no longer have to do the
whole thing individually.
It just all happens at once.
And I was practicing
with friends at the time.
And my friend came the
next day, because we
were scheduled to practice,
and she said, hey,
I got a message for you.
And it was the
exact same message.
So that modality originated
from my Lyran guides
that now is Areon, the
Lyran Council of Time.
>> So you brought up Lyran.
That name has popped up in
my series here and there,
but could you go
into more detail
about who are the Lyrans?
What are the Lyrans, and
what's your connection
to that, to that race?
>> So, from the best
of my knowledge,
they are the origination of what
we are culminating here with
humanity.
So they are ancient
forefathers, foremothers, and--
>> So original humans.
>> Yes.
>> Like this form?
>> The original physical form.
Not that they were just like us.
They're often associated
with the felines.
They are really starting to
come more into our awareness.
And I feel like it's
because we're getting
kind of deeper into ourselves.
We're just connecting
more deeply.
And it was actually
a surprise to me.
I wasn't expecting
a Lyran connection.
And in the early
2000s, I was going
to have a session with someone.
And like a day or so
before the session,
I just got this very clear
message, I'm a Lyran.
And I'm like, well, OK.
>> From them or--
>> From me.
>> Oh, from me.
>> And I didn't-- you
know, from psychically.
>> You were working
with somebody else?
>> I was just randomly
doing nothing,
and I got that message.
And then, two days later,
when I had the session,
one of the first things she
said was, oh, you're a Lyran.
Great.
Great validation.
>> Nice.
And what did that feel like?
>> I had no reference
for it at the time.
At the time, she
said the Lyrans--
she said many other
things, but she
said the Lyrans were
the template builders.
And that meant nothing to me.
I didn't know what that meant.
And it wasn't until a
couple of years later,
when I ended up creating
crystalline soul healing,
that I'm like, oh, my
gosh, I created a template.
I didn't know what a
template was or how to do it.
So the pieces kind
of fell into place.
And I like that.
I find that that
happens a lot, that
best laid plans are wonderful,
but so much of it we
have to discover along the way.
And even kind of referencing
back to psychic senses,
I find that, often, there's
an expectation that, oh, well,
if you're psychic, then you
can access all information.
And that's not what I find.
I find that you access the
appropriate information.
And part of it is to be
experienced and discovered,
and I think that's perfect.
>> So what is a typical session?
If someone wanted to
have a session with you,
how would that go?
Do they get the coding that
you worked with, or is it--
>> Yeah.
So crystalline soul healing
is a silent modality.
And it's part of what I call
our new paradigm of healing,
where it's all about empowerment
and your higher self.
Your unique, subtle self is
really doing most of the work.
So the human will
make some choices,
but that higher
self is deciding,
on an unconscious level, what
you'll release and activate.
So I'm generally
talking to people
about what they want to work
on, what kinds of things
they want to change
in their life.
And once I discover, through
that bit of conversation,
what has energy on it, any
guidance that's coming through
or anything like that,
at a certain point--
even though healing is
happening the whole time--
then I'll run the frequencies
in a concentrated way.
Mainly so I can get
the information,
or they can get any
information, about what's
releasing or activating.
And then I happened to do light
language alongside of that,
but they're two completely
separate modalities.
And you can just do
one and not the other.
>> So please explain,
what is light language?
>> Yes.
So light language
is something that's
actually very natural to us.
It's actually just a
unique form of channeling.
So when you're channeling
light language,
you are accessing
information or a language
that the channel does
not consciously know.
And there are two
technical terms for it
that are more Western based that
cover glossolalia, which is--
>> Say that again.
>> Glossolalia is a
language that's, of course,
unknown to the channeler.
But it's also a language
that's not known on Earth.
So it might be something
that's galactic,
or it could be something that
is an ancient Earth language
or a future Earth language.
And then there's
xenoglossia, which
is, of course, also
unknown to the channeler,
but it's a language
that is known on Earth.
>> Right, like an
ancient language.
>> Or like something that
the channeler doesn't know.
>> French?
>> Like French.
I've had two instances,
one where someone told me
I spoke a phrase in Hebrew
and another time in Japanese.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Where, of course, you know
you have to say enough so that
it's not just a random word,
because that could happen
by chance.
>> Sure, sure.
>> But you have to have somebody
there that knows the language
in order to be able to
tell you, confirm that.
>> I actually heard about
xenoglossia yesterday
and looked it up on Wikipedia.
And I was like,
oh, that's a thing.
>> Yes.
>> Now, is that the same
as speaking in tongues?
>> It is, ultimately, the
same as speaking in tongues.
In my book, I talk
about it like if we
had like different
forms of dance,
you might have modern dance
or ballet or hip hop dance.
They're all dance, but there's
some differences between them.
And from what my guides have
taught me, it's the same thing,
but we started taking it outside
of the context of religion.
And so we're able to expand
into other things that--
other frequency bandwidth
that we might have access to.
>> How does this work?
Is light language, is it--
if somebody just doesn't know
French, for example--
put it in this context
that everybody knows--
and suddenly starts
speaking French,
this sort of proves,
maybe, a Rupert Sheldrake's
morphogenetic field type idea.
Or is it like a collective
type idea of information
that we can tap into?
Is that how you see it?
>> Absolutely.
So, to me, light
language is basically
what I would call a nonlinear
form of communication.
Our languages, we
learn by memorization,
and then we start to apply
context, personal context
and agreed-upon context.
But we also know
we're only using
a small portion of
our brain in ways
that our science can identify.
So we have the capability
to do light language
to learn multiple languages.
And there's even
instances of people
that have had accidents
that then start
speaking another language.
>> Right, yeah, I've
heard about that.
>> And they didn't know it
before, and then suddenly,
they're fluent in
French, for example.
>> Right.
Sometimes head injuries
and things like this.
Different parts of the
brain get activated.
>> Absolutely.
So this is happening much
more now with light language.
Because when you're
channeling light language,
you are accessing a
different part of the brain
than you do when you're using
your memorized contextual
language.
So it's a capability
that we already have.
It's just a matter
of tuning into it.
The same as channeling.
I believe that we
are all channels.
We are all receiving
information,
and we're all
emitting information.
We're all taking
things that are subtle,
like ideas and concepts, and
then we bring them either
into words, which is more
linear or more dense,
more direct, or form.
And so light language
is similar to that,
where you're accessing this
vast, nonlinear information.
And then it may come through
in sound or something visual,
like signing or written.
But you're accessing that
vast, subtle information,
and then you're bringing
it more specific.
So I often relate it to the
metaphor of the double slit
experiment, where when that wave
form is being observed, then
it starts to show particle form.
And that's how I experience
the light language.
When I bring through
a transmission,
it's in what I would
call wave form.
Its vast.
It's nonlinear.
It's kind of undefined.
And then, as it interacts
with us, with our density,
with our higher self, then
it becomes particle form,
or it gets specific for you.
And so sometimes people will
be having a unique experience
within that transmission because
it's their own reference point.
>> So what are some of the
responses you've heard when
people hear light
language in a session.
Do you do private sessions
with that, or group sessions?
>> I do.
I do private sessions with it.
I do group teleclasses, and
we do a video every month.
And what I hear most often is
either, it felt so familiar,
it sounded familiar, or they
start crying spontaneously.
>> Interesting.
>> Because it stirs
up that memory.
It's something that speaks
directly to the heart,
and it kind of bypasses
those mental constructs
so that we're not bound
by our mental limitations.
And so, often, tears
come, because there's
that heart recognition.
>> I see.
So language of the heart, maybe.
>> Yes.
Because to me, the heart, or our
emotions, are vast information,
and we define it.
Oh, I'm sad.
But then there's this
flow of information.
And the heart is our
engine of connection.
It's how we connect
out, and that
creates that sense of vastness
and infinite and connection
between things that
seemed separate.
So that's why, a lot
of times, there's
a heart response or tears.
>> I see.
Can you compare to
the other modality
that you were doing
with this body--
this full chakra?
>> The crystalline soul healing.
>> Sorry, crystalline--
how do you say it?
>> Soul healing.
So how would you compare--
or what are the differences
between the light language
modality and the crystalline
soul healing modality?
>> Well, one of the big
differences is crystalline soul
healing is silent,
and of course,
light language is
visible or audible.
>> Right.
>> But the crystalline soul
healing is a template that is
going through a
series of checks,
either for certain beliefs or
trauma or teaching a deeper
understanding of an
emotion or a situation.
>> How do you do that
if it's silent, though?
>> Because of the intent.
Our intent is what
is most powerful.
And even kind of like if
someone was to say, I love you,
the only thing that's
really important
is what is their intent.
Those are just words.
>> Right.
>> But the intent is
where the real power is.
And when that template was
developing, what I was doing
was creating that access to
that flow of information.
And then once someone has the
intent to heal something--
and the healer is
just there, honestly,
just observing and
allowing for that space
to be held as that person
does that that work.
It's the intent that is
creating the healing.
And light language is similar
in that it's vast information,
and then it's becoming
more specific.
But they're, ultimately, two
completely separate modalities,
and they just go well together.
And light language goes
well with many other things,
and so does crystalline
soul healing.
>> So like a
Buddhist meditation,
when you sort of put in a
prayer of sorts, with the--
or you request a healing
from a Buddhist meditator,
and then they sort of meditate
or give prayers, in that sense?
>> Similar to that, yeah.
And maybe even the reference of
the virus scan on a computer.
You're doing diagnostics.
It is the intent that starts
running that diagnostic tool.
And so that's what crystalline
soul healing is like.
>> And you're working with,
that person you're working with,
their guides to move that along?
>> Right.
The human, the higher
self, and the guides.
And of course, my guides
are always there, as well.
>> So all three of those aspects
to then identify and release
the traumas, the tensions,
whatever the intent is for that
person?
>> Exactly.
So rather than the
healer choosing
what's going to change or
not, it is the higher self.
It's the guides that are
utilizing that information
flow from the crystalline
soul healing template.
And then the person will have
the healing from that intent,
of their intent wanting
to heal and then
the healer's intent activating
that diagnostic tool.
>> With light
language, it's verbal.
There's sound coming out.
And how would that go into--
you said earlier, it
opens people's hearts,
and it gets energy
and connections--
energy moving and people
reconnecting to their heart
a little bit more.
Anything else you want to add?
>> Yeah.
What I find is
it's like bringing
through a library
of information.
And so there's multiple
things that that information
is teaching them
on a cellular level
or on a spiritual level or
emotional or mental level.
It's not the same as
our linear languages.
It's like a flow of information.
And then, as that responds
with their body, their history,
their energetics, it's helping
them to shift and expand
in ways that if they were
just using the mental mind,
it would be just a
little bit slower.
Or a lot slower.
>> And these are people
who are listening to it.
But I've noticed there's
a huge increase of people
who are actually doing
the light language.
>> Yes.
>> Do you teach that, as well?
>> I do.
I do.
So it started happening
to me in the early 2000s.
And back in that time--
I wrote about this in my book--
my guides would-- I was used to
having conversations with them
during the healing process.
And they would tell
me, usually, what
was going on with the person.
And my hands started
moving around,
because they first started
signing through me.
And my guides
sometimes would give me
this cryptic answer, like
there's this many people
on Earth that do this.
And the number was
small, and it would
go up and down rather rapidly.
And I would ask, do what?
And they wouldn't give
me the whole story,
because I was meant
to discover part of it
and, ultimately, to choose.
Because it really
took me a long time
to actually come out with this.
I kept it suppressed
for a really long time.
>> Doing the light language?
>> Doing the light language.
>> I guess it could be
kind of embarrassing.
>> I was so scared.
I was like, oh, my
gosh, my whole life
is going to be different.
I'm going to be a freak.
>> What are people
going to think about me?
>> People are going to judge me.
And ultimately, I
found out, of course,
it was me judging me most.
>> As it always is.
>> Exactly.
And I wouldn't change
it for the world.
Obviously, I do get some
negative comments and things
from people that understand
it, and I don't take
on their negative comments.
But once I started
letting it flow,
it was such a powerful
and sacred experience--
I feel like it expands
my understanding--
that I made that choice to
share it and no longer hide it.
So in about 2012 or 2013,
somewhere around there--
2013-- my guides started telling
me, we want you to teach it.
And they spent a year and a half
preparing me and teaching me
how to teach it to others.
And I believe that it's
something that anyone can do.
And they don't need to learn
it from me, because it's just
a unique form of channeling.
Some people it happens naturally
to, like it did for me.
But I love nurturing people
through that journey,
because it's unusual.
It can be confusing and scary.
And so when you get to
open up in a community,
it is just magical.
I absolutely love it.
So I do teach people how to
start to access light language.
>> So I guess it goes both
ways, because if you're on the
receiving end, then you have
to allow whoever is doing
the light language,
without judgment,
to let it come through
and then receive it.
And if you're doing it, then,
again, the self-judgment part,
you have to sort of get
past your own self-judgments
and let it come through.
So just in those two, the
giving and the receiving parts,
it seems like there has to
be a big allowance, right,
for both sides.
And maybe that's even part--
I mean, I know there's
vibrational frequencies
attached and all this stuff.
But even if you got
rid of all of that
and it didn't have any--
it was just simply
this allowance
to just say whatever
for both sides, right?
>> Yes.
>> Just that in itself seems
like a healing modality.
>> It is.
I have gotten the
question sometimes,
like, why does it have to
come through like that?
Why can't it just be silent
and do the same thing?
And I think there's many
valid reasons for why
it comes through
either verbally,
or it might be written.
But it's part of helping
to expand our consciousness
and our deeper understanding
of some of our capabilities
that are natural to us.
And even kind of
getting past some
of the fears and the
judgments that we have
or things that we consider odd.
You know, weird is
kind of the new normal.
>> Right.
Yup, yup.
>> But I think there's layers of
value to the whole journey with
it.
And that's why I
love that, often,
what I hear from people
is, it felt familiar.
I felt something in my
body, or I felt an emotion.
Because that is a strong
sensory sense system for us.
And it's starting to show us
something's happening there.
I may not be able to define
it, like I can define languages
that I know, but I can
start to have evidence
that something's happening.
And I think that's an
important part for some people.
The first time that I
ever shared this publicly,
someone came up
to me afterwards.
And that's a whole long story.
It's in the book.
But someone came up to
me afterwards and said,
I'm really glad that
it comes through you.
It's kind of like a storm.
I get to see that
something happened.
And that made an impact on me.
I felt more comfortable
allowing that weirdness,
because there was
perfect reason to it.
>> Well, I guess we
are physical beings.
We use language as probably the
main modality of communication.
I mean, we use
reading and writing
and visual stuff, but
verbal speaking is like--
that's how we communicate.
So to make that jump straight
into telepathic communication,
maybe this is a
bridge of some sort.
>> Absolutely.
Absolutely.
It is helping us to
discern a broader
system of understanding.
And that's part of
what I do when I help--
when I teach people how to do
light language in the class.
Part of it is
helping them to learn
how to discern in deeper ways,
not just the verbal references
that we memorize,
which are valuable.
We're still going to be using
those for quite a while.
>> Sure.
>> But it helps to bridge
that gap between just complete
telecommunication,
telepathic communication.
>> Yeah, because so many times
in our day-to-day language,
communications and stuff,
there's so many multiple
meanings or layers.
Some people can say one
thing but mean another thing
and use that in malevolent ways.
They're being
manipulative as far
as trying to coerce someone.
So I guess you're
saying teach discernment
so people can then feel,
behind the words, the intent.
>> Absolutely.
>> And then become--
and make more true decisions for
themselves, sort of, in a way,
guiding them along.
>> Yes.
>> Connecting to our
intuitiveness, right?
>> Absolutely.
And that's another one of
those layers of benefit to it,
because that discernment is a
big part of our empowerment.
And once you have that
clear discernment and trust
in yourself, it is so much
easier to tune in subtle things
and make better choices.
>> Did the light language
come from the Lyrans?
>> No, not necessarily.
When someone accesses
light language,
they'll be accessing
things that are
unique to their soul signature.
And then, beyond that,
they'll start accessing things
that may not necessarily
be so directly
connected to their
soul signature,
like maybe if they're
working with someone else,
they'll be connecting
more with their guides
or their languages.
>> When you say soul signature,
is that like their star family?
>> Their star family, yeah.
>> Or even past lives that
they've had here, ancient--
>> Absolutely.
>> Ancient wisdom or
higher self kind of thing?
>> Yes.
Yes.
>> So each person has
their own light language?
>> To a certain extent.
>> To a certain degree.
>> Once you've been
around them enough,
you start to hear
certain languages that--
I mean, I remember
a situation where
I was working with my
soul sister, who also does
light language-- and we
found each other early
on in our opening journeys.
And she would do this
language that I never did,
and it sounded so weird.
And I met someone else
from another country
that she had never met.
The internet was not
big at that time.
There was no YouTube.
And they spoke
the same language.
Never came out of me, but
it came out of those two,
and so I recognized it right.
And multiple
situations like that,
but that was one
before there was
a lot of availability for it.
>> Yeah, I've been hearing
it off and on for a couple
of years now.
And I've noticed some of
them do sound quite similar.
>> Yes.
>> I don't know, has there been
anybody that actually has taken
them and analyzed them as
a structured language kind
of thing?
>> Not as a structured
language, that I'm aware of.
There are some
languages that are
more translatable than others.
And sometimes I find that
I get a lot of information.
Sometimes I find
I get just a gist.
It's pretty rare I get
absolutely nothing,
but that can happen.
And translating was
a skill that I always
had early on when
light language started
opening up-- not at the
very, very beginning,
but it was definitely there.
>> Translating yours or others?
>> Both.
In fact, I worked
with someone where
I would translate
his light language,
because he couldn't
translate it at the time.
And then, over time, his
translating opened up.
So what I find is there are ones
that are more familiar to us.
And so we may have the
capability to translate them.
I've had a lot of situations--
maybe not a lot,
but I've definitely
had enough situations where
someone else was getting
a translation and I was
getting a translation,
and we could confirm it.
And it's not the same as reading
a book that's already written
and all the words are exact.
It's like enough
clarity that you
can reference that that
person is getting something
unusual enough,
and this person is
getting something
that is extremely
similar and unusual
enough that you can
confirm that it's translatable.
But not everything
is like that, or not
everyone has the capability
to translate every language.
>> Right.
>> And yet, what we're accessing
are things that are more
familiar to their energetics.
For instance, I get a
lot of Syrian languages,
a lot of Pleiadian
that's mixed with Lyran,
things that are referenced from
ancient Egyptian languages.
Those tend to come
through me a lot.
There was an
experience that I had,
because I channel Areon in
English and they're Lyran.
Usually, I would channel them in
English, and then I would stop,
and then I would do some
light language after it.
And it's not necessarily
Areon in the light language.
It's different energies.
>> I see.
>> But there was one time
when I was channeling,
during the channeling,
Areon said,
we're going to speak to you
in our original language.
And so I began speaking
light language.
And it was more
difficult of a flow
than was typical for me,
because it's not necessarily
a closer resonance that
I'm accessing all the time
in light language.
So there's a flow that
will be more natural,
and yet, you can access
things that aren't necessarily
directly connected to you in
this human reference point.
>> I see.
So you mentioned
Pleiadian and Syrian.
Do you think that
would be something
you're more a closer match
to than the Lyran language
in itself?
>> Because it's
closer to our DNA.
I believe our DNA is
Pleiadian and Syrian mostly,
and so it's a little
closer reference for us.
>> Gotcha.
Gotcha.
Well, I look forward to getting
into some channeling and light
language tomorrow and exploring
and receiving and connecting
to some of those energies.
>> Yes.
>> Anything final you'd like
to share with us before we jump
into that?
>> You know, one of the
things that I love about light
language is that
it seems so odd,
but it's actually
very natural to us.
And this, to me, is a big
part of the whole message
of ascension, is it's
very natural to us.
It's just a matter of expanding
into things that might
seem a little unusual at first.
[MUSIC PLAYING]